DOCS-2279: Add connection URI reference (#2929)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data/query.md

   viam data database configure --org-id=<YOUR-ORGANIZATION-ID> --password=<NEW-DBUSER-PASSWORD>
   ```

   This command configures a new database user for your org for use with data query, and sets the password.
   If you have already run this command before, this command instead updates the password to the new value you set.

> 1. Determine the connection URI for your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance by running the following command with the organization's `org-id` from step 2:

Reviewer: [opt] Does the user necessarily know what a URI is? They can look it up I suppose

Author: Clarified == connection string here, thanks!

   ```sh {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
   viam data database hostname --org-id=<YOUR-ORGANIZATION-ID>
   ```

>    This command returns the hostname (including database name) and connection URI to use to connect to your data store on the Viam organization's MongoDB Atlas instance.

Reviewer: Doesn't URI include hostname?

Author: Engineering chose to retain the original output alongside the additional new output. Ostensibly, its so that users used to or expecting the previous output still have access to it, while adding additional data output to benefit those users who seek the new form of this data output.

It is also beneficial for situations where the user does not need the URI (legacy SQL clients that ask for server hostname, database name, username, and password in 4 separate GUI fields. Like [DBeaver](https://dbeaver.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Screen-Shot-2022-03-03-at-11.52.55-AM.png), etc). Saying something like "take the connection URI from the command above and delete a bunch of text we don't need to get at the text we do need" would be more cumbersome for them then simplifying output to neat single data return for us.

>    The connection URI includes everything you need to connect to your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance from a valid MQL-compatible client, except for your configured database password.

Reviewer: [opt] "everything you need to connect" seems a bit vague? I don't know the topic well enough to provide a good suggestion, so feel free to disregard but maybe rephrase this along the lines of 
```suggestion
   The connection URI includes the identification information (hostname, database name, and username) you need to connect to your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance from a valid MQL-compatible client, except for your configured database password.
```
or, since "uniform resource **identifier**" already implies identification, maybe this:
```suggestion
   In addition to the connection URI, to connect to your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance from a valid MQL-compatible client you need your configured database password.
```
```suggestion
   To connect to your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance from a valid MQL-compatible client, you need to provide both the URI and your configured database password.
```

Author: 'identifier' in this case only refers to identifying the network resource to connect to, and doesn't infer user identification (even though it also includes the username in the connection string). You can user a URI that doesn't include a UN or PW (if you provide it elsewhere, like with a SQL client that has separate user auth fields from DB connection string field.

I like your first suggestion, which helps to clarify that the connection URI contains everything we need to connect, including the other returned data object `hostname`, which itself is only part of what we'd need to connect. Thanks!

   Replace the placeholder text `YOUR-PASSWORD-HERE` in the connection URI with your configured database password, as set by the `viam data database configure` command.
   You will need this to query your data in the next section.

For more information, see the documentation for the [Viam CLI `database` command](/cli/#data).

### Query

> Once you have synced tabular data to the Viam app, you can directly query that data from an MQL-compatible client, such as the [`mongosh` shell](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongodb-shell/), [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/compass/current/), or many third-party tools.

Reviewer: [opt] This is grammatically wonky but my suggestions make it slightly less clear so idk
```suggestion
Once you have synced tabular data to the Viam app, you can directly query that data from an MQL-compatible client, such as the [`mongosh` shell](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongodb-shell/), [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/compass/current/), or a third-party tool.
```
```suggestion
Once you have synced tabular data to the Viam app, you can directly query that data from an MQL-compatible client, such as the [`mongosh` shell](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongodb-shell/), [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/compass/current/), or one of many third-party tools.
```

   This command configures a new database user for your org for use with data query.

1. Determine the connection URI for your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance by running the following command with the organization's `org-id` from step 2:

   ```sh {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
   viam data database hostname --org-id=<YOUR-ORGANIZATION-ID>
   ```

   This command returns the hostname (including database name) and connection URI to use to connect to your data store on the Viam organization's MongoDB Atlas instance.

>    The connection URI includes everything you need to connect to your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance from a valid MQL-compatible client, except your Viam account password.

Reviewer 2: (here and elsewhere) the password required for connection will be the configured DB password (via `viam data database configure`), _not_ the user account's password. Saying "Viam account password" might be confusing?

Author: @n0nick Whoops, you're right, thank you -- fixed!

   ```

   This command returns the hostname (including database name) and connection URI to use to connect to your data store on the Viam organization's MongoDB Atlas instance.
   The connection URI includes everything you need to connect to your organization's MongoDB Atlas Data Federation instance from a valid MQL-compatible client, except configured database password.

>    Replace the placeholder text `YOUR-PASSWORD-HERE` in the connection URI with the configured database password, as returned from the `viam data database configure` command.

Reviewer 2: password is not returned, should be "as set by" I think
